the agent is not connecting properly with the sms messages, it seems to be sending generic replies. after i toldi tmy car, address and date for scheduking (it did seem to get the calender integration right) it askd me to confirm the address. i did then it said well get this to our team to confrim adn then started over almost and said yep , weve egot some openings this week and listed some opening times again like a couple messages back. 

it didn't ask about which service i wanted at all and didnt seem to be speaking in my agents tone and then its said it would send it over for reveiw before it could confirm the booking which seems lik eeither its not connected to my agent properly and is using fallback/generic gpt replies OR there is a mjor glitch keeping it from remembering whats going on AND its not getting a proper address verification confrimation from google (still it should send the outside service area workflow so that doesnt really answer the problem either). can you find out whats going on, check the logs and look deep if needed so we can solve this immediatly and redeploy. my agent is failing my customers as we speak. everyne who got the message cant communicate propelry with the sms agent. 

-one customer told me they tried clicking the link and it showed they had 0 points, when it should be 500 points! if i have DOUBLE tapped the send on anyone they wound up getting double or teipple points! that needs to be corrected, nobody should have more than 500 points currently since nobody has eearned any yet. MY ersonal account when i checked it said i had 1500 points! this is a major issue too and we need to solve them and confirm they are solved immediatly. including setting any points that have gone over 500 back to how they should be. also by implementing a gaurdrails to prevent the reuse of the code, i though we already built that??? it should have opnely been able to apply once, unless we created a new token by resending the blast, allowing it o be reused?