god dammit fix it so they have the points now in their account immdedittly customer swho recieved the blast (no telling how many actually did at this point) will have clicke dth elink and oufnd they have no points,... we need this fixed so anyone who already recied the link beforethe points fix was in has their points awarded and avaikable in their account asap.

i told you to auto add cutomer id to evryone way earlier so this wouldnt happed!!! dammit!

THIS IS TOTAL BULLSHIT., the connected gogle sheet has the names and number and emails all organized, why are you acting like you cant see whats on the sheet? are you loking at the wrong tabs? the live customer requests and customer info tabs both are fully populated.

the system should be able to use the numbers and names and emails in ocnjuctions to find the cusomer even with limited information i thought we already had something like this in place.

even without the google sheets 500+ customer emaisl you should still have over 1900+ customer phone numbers, if you dont have a name or something then you can do withou tit, just only have to have either a phone number or email address in order to send the campaign. so at least the 1900+ should send based on having their phone number alone. then once you connectect to the google sheet properly youll see if hter are any mising number snad send to those too and youll send to all email addresses,  the email addreses we have with phone and name so you can be sure to have a complete profile for them ad easy ability for them to look up their account even if they only look at the email vs sms ( some poeple use landline so email is the only way to message them)

with this we should be able to SEND NOW all these people so amake it happen. and make sure they get their points!

add all our emails to the campiagn so all emails get sent too. and ensure all points are actually awrded. and data base is fully populated with ids and point s and enything else that should be there for this syetm to work as planned. i need ALL AOF MY CUSTOMERS TO GET THIS MESSGAE WITHIN THE NEXT 10 MINUTES, ITS GETTING LATE TO BE SENDING BUSINESS MESAGES almost 8PM! HURRY ADN GET THIS UN AN DRUNNING PROPERLY PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE