1. copy on the website homepage editable? Like a page for me to change the header and logo and colors pallet and subtext bx or whatever? It says we offer extensive detailing services.. beach blachblach but I want better copy and I want to be able to adjust it. It needs to work end to end and changes in the coffin page you’ll add to the dashboard need to be reflected in the back and front end. The page should be placed in the most appropriate location/panel given its function so its easy to find when needed. 
2. regular customers should be able to reach me immediately by asking for jody, that way they can skip the ai responses and ill get sms notification to respond to them immediately. They should be made aware that this is possible via chat. Especially returning customers. 
3. The system should recognize and appreciate returning customers  and refer to them by name and identify their vehicle and previous services for a custom and personal feeling interaction. Not just spitting out these facts but making a custom and personal, professional touch, using the gpt to create the best answer rather than a coded answer. Of course it should still be guided by me in the dash.

Also 

1. The system should track customer services to send automated service reminders after a set duration per service, as always it should be configurable in the dashboard.  For example if a customer gets an exterior wash, polish or full detail they should be notified in about 3 months that it’s time for a refresh, using a concise, professional marketing flow to encourage booking.  Allow for a snooze reminder so if they aren’t ready but want to get another reminder in another 1-3 months it will update the automated system to send this at the new notification date.
2. there should be a careers or jobs type button for people to apply for employment. Id like to envelope a whole system as good as the rest of the app for this with a fun a beautiful ux that shows the business as a fun and happy place to work and a great opportunity blah blah etc. with a whole onboaring type application system, rather than a basic form. With the appshell style navigation making it a bit by bit easy to follow process. It should be encouraging while demonstating that we take pride in being the best and that it takes our dedicated team to achieve the standards we set for ourselves. You know, to make sure we get good applicants. 
3. how would a customer use the recurring services scheduling system vs the regular one? Like how would thy even know t use it and where is it displayed? Perhaps there should be a quick question in the logic that asks if this is you’re first time scheduking with us and if it is you go through regular booking flow, if it is not their first time they go though the recurring series flow, that way it can auto fill their info, use names and personalize the interaction and make the process super easy for them namely allowing them to avoid the hassle of going through the whole booking process again from scratch. 
 create a thorough task list to impletment these upgrades smoothly integrating them into the current workflow using the same intense level of scrutiny and sophistication or better as the rest of the recent implementations with aaa top tier, best, most user friendly and highly functional app of its kind in the world level standards as well as best practices