
Campaign description
I run a local mobile auto detailing business. This number is used to confirm appointments, send reminders, let clients know I’m en route, and answer customer questions. Messages are always 1-on-1 and initiated by the customer or sent after clear consent through my intake form or chatbot
Describe what you will be using this campaign for.
The campaign submission has been reviewed and it was rejected because of provided Opt-in information. 
Learn more
Sample message #1
Hey John, just confirming your Clean Machine Auto Detail appointment for 2PM tomorrow at 123 Main St. Text back if anything changes.
Provide an example of a message that you will be sending with this campaign. This message sample will be used by carriers to help identify your traffic.
Sample message #2
I’m on the way! Should arrive in 15–20 minutes. Please make sure your driveway and water hookup are accessible
Provide an example of a message that you will be sending with this campaign. This message sample will be used by carriers to help identify your traffic.
Sample message #3
Clean Machine Auto Detail here — just a reminder about your upcoming appointment on Thursday at 11:00 AM. Let us know if you need to reschedule
Provide an example of a message that you will be sending with this campaign. This message sample will be used by carriers to help identify your traffic.
Sample message #4
Thanks for your booking today! Want to upgrade to a ceramic protection package next time? Here’s the info: cleanmachinetulsa.com/protect
Provide an example of a message that you will be sending with this campaign. This message sample will be used by carriers to help identify your traffic.
Sample message #5
Hey Sarah, we just wrapped up your detail. Let us know if you'd like to book again for next month — we offer returning customer discounts.
Provide an example of a message that you will be sending with this campaign. This message sample will be used by carriers to help identify your traffic.
Message contents
Messages will include embedded links.
Messages will include phone numbers.
Messages include content related to direct lending or other loan arrangement.
Messages include age-gated content as defined by Carrier and CTIA guidelines
How do end-users consent to receive messages? (40-2048 characters)
Customers consent to SMS when they:

1. Book an appointment by phone - We verbally confirm they agree to receive text updates
2. Book through our web chat assistant - They're shown an opt-in notice before messaging
3. Request service information - They provide their phone number and agree to SMS contact

All customers receive an initial opt-in confirmation message with STOP instructions. We only send appointment-related updates (confirmations, reminders, arrival times) - never unsolicited marketing.
This field should describe how end users opt-in to the campaign, therefore giving consent to the sender to receive their messages. If multiple opt-in methods can be used for the same campaign, they must all be listed. 
Learn more
I agree the above information is correct. I agree to a $15 Campaign vetting fee upon resubmission. Learn more about the vetting fee

