Didnt we have a workflow and landing page to show off the new page very succinctly and only in the ways it will offer them something or way it will help them not trying to selll them on it or pointing out the 'features' on the while getting them excited about their points and then they go through that to the points page. this is designed for all my customers to come to my new app with their new points link and then have an exciting animated points celebrations thing happens and it shows their name and points and what all points can buy and on and on about the points as well as a book now button AND a chat pop up bubble (just like from the homepage) but the chat bubble should start off minimized and just be there available if they need or want it. Will it say 'chat' or anything so they kno what the button even is?

this should be combined with the sorry i may have missed your message while setting up our new phone system sms campaign.  i want to send that in the morning so let s be sure that whole workflow is golden top to bottom so they can actually uae the link, 'login' collect the points, book a service and schedule a date! this welcome landing page should also make mention of it being a great time to pick up gift our cards for the holidays . youll use MUCH MUCH MUCH MUCH BETTER copy than i could havecome up with. use psycology and top level premium market techniques. now, we want the best lookin gpage we have made yet. with all the bells and whisltes and no holds barred quality. you may look into even nicer quality formatting and asset libraries for the whole thing to be super super nice. some kind of moving carosel or something using my, very dynamic, using photos from my connected photo album to create striking marketing material for this page. i want a refresh button that i can press to change the layout using the ai design tools you used to mkae it, but just in case i dont like the photos or something you chose i could hit refresh and it will do it again and may ill like that one better.. if thats a lot of work then skip it and ill just ask you for a refresh untill we get it the way i like.  it needs to be great because the page needs to be very small, they will only be on it for a moment, but needs to feel nice. and also in 'some way' connected to the rest of the sites design feel,  but nicer. 