why do you keeep goign in circles, not fixing anything or saying 'i found the issue!' and only addressing a SINGLE thing without solving the problem at large??? give me a CCOMPLETE analysis of the issue and all your work to try to fix it. ill be sending it to chatgpt for help, it will give me a prompt to help you. it clearly not working at you wanna try a few way to get it it to scroll... like what the hell. thats so dumb. is it possible for me to manually add a scrolling function to the fuckng thing since you can tfigure it out? i mean wvee been been on this one single problem for OVER 6 HOURS! you have any idea how much money youve fucking wasted?? i cant afford this shit.

i can swipe though conversations, like the list of all conversations, but if i click one i cant swipe up to see older messages from that person. if fact, since its locked at the top i see no mesaages showing at all, only the top of the message where it has the ai suggestions button. i dont see whre you are able to swipe though mesages from a certaun sender or even able to see them at all. this is my view with a huge blank space under the test input box still and no visible messages, no place and no way to slide or scroll up/down to reveal any messages or anything at all. the box is missing the critical scroll function completely. inspect the photo and the previous photo very closely if you need visual confermation that thereis NO  slide or scroll fucntion available. why can you not fix this? next ill paste the complete night ops message page code for you to replace or reuse to fix this. if you can fix it then replace it with the new code with the working scroll feature. we need to move on and im rreaday to do something drastic to get the progress we need here in order to do so.

is this picture the old version or the same as you see? is there cache issue at play preventing me from seeing your latest edit or are you only applying them to the published versiona nd not the dev version too or somthing? there is flaw here causing a major issue that we cant get anywehre with this app with if it doesnt let me see the fucking messages. do you need to hard reset the cache or what? (we also have a cache issue i think becasue nothing youre saying lines up with the way my view looks. didnt you implement cachce busting??)