1️⃣ What Twilio means by “caller ID is working”

By default, Twilio does preserve the original caller ID on inbound calls.

So from Twilio’s point of view, caller ID is “working” if:

The incoming call into Twilio has a From number (the customer)

Twilio passes that From through your call flow or into your webhook

And that’s probably what the console/status page is reporting.

But that doesn’t guarantee that:

Your cell phone’s screen shows that real number when it rings.

Because that last hop (Twilio → your phone) depends on how you’re connecting:

If Twilio → plain call forwarding → your personal cell,
your carrier might show:

your Twilio number

or “Unknown”

or occasionally the real number, depending on setup

If Twilio → SIP → your Samsung SIP account,
your phone sees what Twilio sends as callerId, so we can truly control it.

2️⃣ So is it “actually correct” in your current setup?

The real test is not what Twilio says in a dashboard, it’s:

When someone calls your business number right now,
what exactly shows on your Samsung screen?

If it shows your Twilio business number → then for your purposes, caller ID is not “working the way you want,” even if Twilio logs say it’s fine.

If it shows the actual customer phone number (like your friend’s cell if they call it) → then caller ID passthrough is already working with your current forwarding setup, and SIP becomes optional (still useful for custom ringtone/label, but not required just for caller ID).

Given what you described earlier:

“Right now it shows my number / all calls look the same so I can’t tell business vs scam”

…that tells me your current flow is probably:

Twilio number → forwards → personal cell → carrier shows Twilio’s number

So Twilio saying “caller ID is working” = “we see the caller and we’re tagging it”,
but your carrier is what’s making all incoming calls look the same.

3️⃣ What SIP actually buys you (why it’s not wasted effort)

SIP isn’t just “another way to flip caller ID”:

With the SIP setup we’re planning:

We tell Twilio (in your webhook):

<Dial callerId="{original customer number}">
  <Sip>sip:jody@cleanmachinetulsa.sip.twilio.com</Sip>
</Dial>


Your Samsung registers as that SIP user.

So when Twilio dials your SIP endpoint:

Caller ID = customer’s phone number

Account name / line label = “Clean Machine Line”

Custom ringtone = business-only sound

So every time that line rings you know:

“This is a Clean Machine call” (because it’s the SIP account & ringtone)

“From this specific person” (because caller ID is their real number)

You cannot get that combo with basic carrier call forwarding alone.

4️⃣ What I’d do right now to decide

Do this quick check before you go through all the SIP setup:

Grab another phone (friend’s or your personal one).

Call your Twilio business number.

Look at your Samsung screen:

What number does it show?

Does it look like:

Your Twilio business number?

Or the real caller’s number?

If:

It already shows the real caller’s number,
then Twilio + your carrier are behaving nicely on caller ID already.

In that case, we focus SIP mainly for:

business-only ringtone/line

better future IVR routing options

It shows your Twilio number,
then Twilio’s “caller ID is working” mostly just means internally; your carrier is still masking it, and SIP is the clean way to assert the original caller ID into your phone.

If you tell me:

“When I call my Twilio number from X, my Samsung shows Y”

I can say very concretely:

Yep, SIP is worth it here
or

You can get away with IVR + forward for now and add SIP later.

But big picture:
Twilio’s message doesn’t mean we wasted effort — it just means the Twilio side knows who the caller is. We’re working on the last leg of the journey: making sure your phone sees that same info and flags it as a business call.